Discussion1
1. After installing XAMPP application and if you need to save your  
PHP files on your PC, in what a place can you save it and in what  
extension for these files?

A-inside the (htdocs directory) For example you can create a folder called myproject in C:\xampp\htdocs.
Save your PHP files inside the folder you created, with the .php extension.

2. htdocs is acronyms for what?

A-htdocs stands for hypertext documents

3. Suppose your PC is running with Windows operating system, can  
you install MAMP package on it? Explain your answer‌‌?

A-Yes, you can install MAMP package on your Windows PC. MAMP is a local server environment that can be installed under macOS and Windows with just a few clicks.
MAMP stands for Macintosh, Apache, MySQL, and PHP, but it also works on Windows systems. MAMP allows you to run web applications such as WordPress, Joomla, 
Drupal, etc. on your local machine for testing or development purposes
To install MAMP on  Windows PC, you need to download the MAMP installation package from the official website and follow the setup wizard instructions.

4. Give me some examples about some web sites that are built with  
PHP.?

A-some of the names of the popular websites that use PHP:
1-Facebook
2-Wikipedia
3-WordPress
4-MailChimp
5-Vimeo

5. As you remember, JavaScript is a popular client-side programming  
language and it has the ability to change the content and style of a  
web page dynamically. One question you may be asking is, “Why  
do we need a server-side programming language, too?”

A-Some of the benefits and reasons for using server-side programming languages are:

 - Efficient storage and delivery of information: Server-side languages can store and retrieve data from databases, files, or other sources, and send it to the client as needed.
 - Customized user experience: Server-side languages can use information from the client, such as cookies, sessions, or user input, to create dynamic and personalized web pages that suit the user's preferences and needs.
 - Controlled access to content: Server-side languages can implement authentication and authorization mechanisms to restrict access to certain web pages or resources only to authorized users.
